# Jonah Jacobsen's Final Project
For my project I wrote the code behind an iPod. The program has many common features of a music player including adding/deleting songs, searching by title or by artist, making or removing playlists, and building a queue of songs to play. Although the ability to play .mp3 or .wav files from the program is not implemented yet, the way the data is stored and presented is fully built. My project uses a hash table, a queue, .txt files, and many vectors to enable the different functionalities a music player needs.

How to Run: Clone the repository into a directory in your vm. Open terminal and cd to the repository. Compile by typing "g++ -std=c++11 MusicLibrary.cpp main.cpp". Execute by typing "./a.out". I have provided three files called songs.txt, playlist1.txt, and playlist2.txt. The constructor for the MusicLibrary class will automatically scan all these files and store their information in the different data structures. Option 1 will show all the songs that the program knows. Option 2 will ask you for a songs name, artist, album, and time; and after entering the info (make sure to format time like "0:45" or "2:24") the songs.txt file and the program will be updated. Option 3 will let you choose a song to remove, this will also edit the songs.txt file. Option 4 will search all the songs for a specific song entered. If found the user will have the option to "play" the song, but this is really just a timer for the length of the song (search for "Test" as a good example). Option 5 will sort all the songs by a specific artist. Option 6 will open the playlists menu. From here the user can create new playlists, delete old ones, and add/delete songs to existing playlists. Option 7 will open the queue menu. From here the user can queue up songs to be played.

System Requirements: Use the cu-cs-vm. If you aren't then you will have to make sure all the libraries included at the top of the MusicLibrary.cpp file are properly installed for full functionality (the vm already has these installed for you).

Group Members: none

Contributors:

Open issues/bugs: I would love if someone could figure out how to pause the timer function I have. Right now I cannot exit the timer without completely killing the program (i.e. ctrl + c). I have another repository on my github with just the timer function isolated if you want to try to figure it out. Another problem is with the way I parse the songs.txt file, the song info cannot contain any commas or else the parse will be messed up.